DIAMOND: only use READ1 for paired-end reads without merging (#631)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

- [#592](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/592) improved JSON schema for better validation (by @microlei)
- [#604](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/604) KrakenUniq no longer fails due to pathname splitting during batching when only single sample supplied (by @AlexHoratio)
- [#612](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/616) Fix bug with bracken results being shown in MuktiQC for long read data every if bracken not supported for long reads (added by @jfy133 and @sofstam )
- [#630](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/630) Fix a bug in KRAKENUNIQ reads channel where a single-element list containing a / in the path was being split incorrectly, causing unexpected multiple list elements (❤️ to @sysbiocoder for reporting and fixed by @LilyAnderssonLee)

> - [#631](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/631) For paired-end reads, DIAMOND will use only the READ1 file unless reads are merged (❤️ to @sysbiocoder for reporting and fixed by @LilyAnderssonLee)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#631](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/631) For paired-end reads, DIAMOND will use only the forward read file (read 1) unless reads are merged (❤️ to @sysbiocoder for reporting and fixed by @LilyAnderssonLee)
```
